Add `$caseSensitive` parameter for `Like` filter, remove `ILike` filter (#184)
yiisoft/data: CHANGELOG.md

  `PaginatorInterface::getCurrentPageSize()` and `OffsetPaginator::getTotalItems()` (@vjik)
- Chg #165: Simplify `FilterInterface` and `FilterHandlerInterface` (@vjik)
- Chg #166: Remove `EqualsEmpty` filter (@vjik)
- New #176: Add `OrderHelper` (@vjik)

> - New #173, ?: Add `$caseSensitive` parameter to `Like` filter to control whether the search must be case-sensitive or 
> depend on implementation (@arogachev)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New #173, #184: Add `$caseSensitive` parameter to `Like` filter to control whether the search must be case-sensitive
  or not (@arogachev)
```
